(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(NARRATOR READING)
NARRATOR:
Friends to the end.
Come on, everybody,
keep going.
(SIGHS) Kion sure is in
a hurry this morning.
Well, we are getting
pretty close to
the Tree of Life.
Yep, and I don't mind
moving fast for a change.
You said it, Fuli.
Zuka Zama!
(PANTING)
Are we gonna run
the whole way?
Yeah. Great idea.
Whoo!
(GIGGLES AND EXCLAIMS)
Kion, race you
to the Tree of Life.
Sure. Just don't get
in my way.
Me? (SPUTTERS) Never.
(EXCLAIMING)
(GROWLS)
Oops.
Ah. Bunga.
Oh, this is pretty.
BESHTE: Poa.
Perfect place
for a break.
Yep.
Oh, yeah. (LAUGHS)
(BESHTE CHUCKLES)
Guys, who said anything
about a break?
Kion, they could
probably use a rest.
We can rest when we get
to the Tree of Life.
We're so close now.
(GROANS)
Makini.
Shwari,  Kion.
How about some Tuliza?
(SIGHS) Fine.
(GRUNTS AND GULPS)
Feel better?
I'm fine.
I'll be better when we get
to the Tree of Life.
Come on, everybody,
let's go.
Oh, looks like
the break's over.
Yep, before it
even got started.
Huh, the Tuliza didn't
do him much good.
I know. It's not working
like it used to.
Maybe Kion's right.
Maybe we really do need
to get him
to the Tree of Life soon.
Yeah, before the venom
in the scar totally takes over
and turns him evil,
just like Scar.
Oh, Bunga,
don't even think that!
You said it, Makini.
Rafiki said Kion
could change.
Stop knowing right
from wrong.
Maybe it started.
Bunga, Kion's not
gonna turn evil.
Now, come on.
I hope you're right!
So, Makini,
are there friendly animals
at the Tree of Life?
Oh, yes.
All the animals I remember
were super friendly.
Oh, I can't wait
to meet them.
Nothing I like more
than making new friends.
ANGA: Everyone, look.
On the cliff, Baby Goose.
(BABY GOOSE CHIRPS)
Oh, no, it...
It fell from its nest.
(CHIRPS)
We gotta save it.
Beshte.
Right.
Zuka Zama!
Guys? Hey.
I got you. I got you.
Got you.
Nice catch, Beshte.
(CHIRPS)
Oh, it's so cute!
(YELPS)
You okay, little guy?
Okay, he's safe now.
So, let's...
Shouldn't we put him
back in his nest?
His mom might be worried.
(SCOFFS) Fine.
Anga.
Yep.
ANGA: Come on, little guy.
We've really got
to get...
Heads up.
We got another one.
(BABY GOOSE CHIRPS)
(GASPS) Oh, no!
I got you.
(GASPS) I missed. Beshte.
I got her. I got her.
(CHIRPS)
Oh.
Zuka Zama!
Ta-da.
(MOTHER GOOSE CACKLES)
MOTHER GOOSE:
What are you doing?
Unhand my child.
(CACKLES)
Okay, okay.
Here, she's fine.
Mama, I did it.
Good job, sweetheart.
I knew you could.
Where's your brother?
We put him back up
in your nest.
Glad we could help.
Help?
(CACKLING)
Are we missing
something here?
Maybe that's how
a goose says thank you.
I don't think so.
Oh, no.
Your babies
weren't falling,
were they?
They were just leaving
the nest for the first time.
How else are they gonna
get to the water?
I finally got him to jump
and now he's got to do it
all over again.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
We were just tying to help.
Help? Help.
False alarm, I guess.
No kidding.
From now on, let's not
waste our time helping animals
who don't need help.
It's okay, Beshte.
I know you were tying
to do the right thing.
Since when does Kion
call helping someone
a waste of time?
That was weird,
but he's not
himself today.
Or maybe he's not
his old self.
What do you mean, Little B?
His scar.
Remember what
Rafiki said,
about how Kion
could change?
I think Kion just
wants to get
to the Tree of Life.
We better make it
there in time!
(CAWING SOUNDS IN DISTANCE)
What is that?
Peacocks.
(ALL CAWING)
ALL: Huh?
Here we go.
Five, six, seven, eight.
(ALL CAWING)
Never seen
anything like this.
Sounds like the peacocks
are doing their
traditional display dance.
What are
they displaying?
Ados.
Hey, watch it.
Ah, I see now.
Peacocks, we're trying
to get through here.
Sorry, can't stop now.
All part of the tradition.
(SNEEZES)
Poa.
(GRUNTS) We don't have
time for this.
Coming through.
Lion Guard, follow me.
Seriously?
Excuse me.
MAKINI: Sorry.
(EXCLAIMS) Hey.
Watch were you're going.
(CAWS)
You watch where
you're going?
(ROARS)
What? He didn't watch
where he was going?
Peacocks think
they own the place.
Hey, you guys.
You think Kion pushed
that peacock on purpose?
Looked like it.
No, Kion wouldn't do that.
The old Kion wouldn't,
but the new Kion might.
The new Kion?
What do you mean?
His scar.
It's turning him evil.
Evil?
Kion is not tuning evil.
Now, come on.
I'm telling you.
Five, six, seven, eight.
(ALL CAWING)
Kion.
If we keep getting
slowed down,
we're never gonna get
to the Tree of Life.
Poa.
What? What's Poa?
That guy. Look up.
Hey, there, I'm Beshte.
Who are you?
My name is Yun Mibu.
Where did you learn
to hang like that?
(CHUCKLES) Like this?
This is nothing.
Wow!
Oh, now I see you.
You must be
a clouded leopard.
That's right. I am.
Big deal. I can hang
from my hind feet, too.
Check this out.
Yeah. (YELPS)
(GROANS)
Okay, I was wrong.
(ALL LAUGH)
(GROWLS)
Not again.
Hey, Kion,
meet our new friend.
Yun Mibu.
We don't have time
for new friends.
Um, they were just
saying hello.
I wasn't talking to you.
(GROWLS)
(EXCLAIMS)
(GRUNTS)
Kion, why did you
scare him like that?
Beshte, we can't stop
every time you see
a new animal.
I was just being nice.
That's the problem.
You're slowing us down.
Stop being nice.
"Stop being nice"? I...
I don't know how
to do that?
Kion, have some Tuliza.
It'll help you
feel better.
Forget it, Makini.
(GASPS)
The Tuliza's
not working anymore.
Evil!
Kion, you're
out of control.
Am I? All I want to do
is get to the Tree of Life
so I can get better,
but everyone keeps
slowing me down.
We're not trying
to slow you down.
We're trying
to help you get there.
(SIGHS) Feels like
I'm dragging you along.
Kion, your scar hurts,
so you're not
thinking straight.
That's why you were
mean to Beshte.
I'm not being mean.
You kinda are.
(GROWLS)
Kion.
Maybe this is
one of those times
when I should take over.
Take over?
Until you feel better.
I'm the leader
of the Guard, Fuli,
and I don't think so.
(GROWLS)
Don't do this, Kion.
Are... (GASPS)
Are they going to fight?
Looks like it.
I'm glad I can't watch.
But Kion wouldn't
fight Fuli. Would he?
Of course, he would.
This is what
I've been talking about.
It's all happening right now
just like Rafiki said.
What's "Just like
Rafiki said"?
He said if the venom
stays inside you too long,
you won't know the difference
between right and wrong.
Yeah, but...
And it's happened.
You've been acting mean
all day.
I... I have?
You did tell us not
to stop and help.
You knocked over
that peacock.
And scared
that clouded leopard.
And worst of all,
you yelled at Beshte.
Sorry, buddy,
you're turning evil.
You really think
I'm evil?
Totally!
But don't feel bad.
You can't help it.
It's your scar.
Guys, you all think
I'm turning evil?
Well...
I... I don't know
if I'd say evil...
No.
Uh, yeah.
Don't listen to Bunga.
Nobody thinks you're evil,
and once we get
to the Tree of Life...
Unless it's too late.
Good Kion might
be gone forever.
I'm not evil!
(GROWLS)
Or... maybe I am.
(GRUMBLES)
Kion, come back.
Don't worry, Beshte,
he'll be back.
He just needs
time to himself.
But which Kion will he be
when he comes back?
Good Kion?
Or evil Kion?
Bunga.
What? We all saw
it happening.
Somebody had to say it.
No. Nobody had
to say it.
Kion's not evil.
You sure?
I am. Kion will never
turn evil.
Beshte's right.
♪ I there's one thing
We're sure of
♪ One thing
We know is true
♪ A friend
That you can rely on
♪ Will do the same
for you
♪ So if our friend's
Been in trouble
♪ Feeling lonely
And blue
MAKINI:
♪ Even if he's angry
BESHTE:
♪ His heart's still
Pure and true
ANGA:
♪ So don't you
Go thinking
♪ He's now a bad guy
BESHTE:
♪ When we all know
Why he's run away
ANGA:
♪ And when he
Is down low
ONO:
♪ With nowhere to go
MAKINI:
♪ Means that
He needs us
♪ More today
ALL:
♪ 'Cause we are friends
Till the end
♪ We will encourage
♪ And defend
♪ Yeah, we are friends
♪ Till the end
♪ Now and forever
♪ You can always depend
FULI:
♪ On friends to the end
♪ All these years
We've been hanging
BESHTE:
♪ Work and play
Side by side
♪ So when life brings you
Some changes
MAKINI:
♪ There's no
Reason to hide
FULI:
♪ We will stick by him
BESHTE:
♪ We know he can win
FULI:
♪ If we can defend him
♪ Along the way
MAKINI:
♪ Though it's been
A long trail
ONO:
♪ We never will fail
ANGA:
♪ So long as he knows
♪ We're here to stay!
ALL:
♪ 'Cause we are friends
♪ Till the end
♪ We will encourage
♪ And defend
♪ Yeah, we are friends
♪ Till the end
♪ Now and forever
♪ You can always depend
♪ On friends to the end
♪ Friends will be there
Where nowhere else is
♪ Friends will be there,
It's so unselfish
♪ Friends will never leave
Another friend helpless
♪ One for all
and to all we tell this
♪ Times are tough,
step up and answer
♪ He needs us
Plus understanding
♪ Trust in his fellow
Pride Lands companions
♪ Let's let him know
We'll never leave him hanging
ALL:
♪ 'Cause we are friends
Till the end
♪ We will encourage
♪ And defend
♪ Yeah, we are friends
♪ Till the end
♪ Now and forever
♪ You can always depend
♪ On friends to the end ♪
Oh, come on,
Little B.
You know in your heart
that Kion will
never turn evil.
I hope you're right.
Uh, Fuli,
we are still going
to the Tree of Life, right?
Not to make this about me,
but what about me?
Of course,
we're still going, Ono.
As soon as Kion
comes back.
What if I really
am turning evil?
Just like Scar did.
I should talk
to Grandfather Mufasa.
Oh, my scar.
I can't let Grandfather
see me like this.
I look just like scar.
(GASPS)
You have
the mark of evil
just like me, Kion.
Accept your destiny.
There is no other choice.
No, you're wrong, Scar.
Sisi ni sawa,  Kion.
(EVIL LAUGHTER)
We're not the same.
I may look like you,
but I'll never act like you.
Except, I guess,
I kinda have been acting
mean today.
(SIGHS)
I got to go apologize.
Whoa!
(EXCLAIMS)
(GRUNTS)
Great.
I'm getting worried
about Kion.
Me, too. I hope he
didn't get lost or hurt.
Maybe we should
look for him.
Not that I would
be much help.
He has been gone
for a while.
Anga, see if you
can spot him.
Yep. Anga Lin...
Hey, hey, hey,
look for signs of evil roars.
Trees knocked down,
terrified animals,
exploding volcanoes,
that kind of thing.
Bunga, if Kion roared,
I think we would
have heard it.
Good point.
Yep.
Anga Linga.
(EXCLAIMS)
ANGA: Nothing. Nothing.
What?
(GASPS) Kion.
Kion.
Anga. (EXCLAIMS)
Am I glad to see you.
Like some help?
Yeah, that'd be great.
Okay. (GRUNTS)
Can't get close enough.
Maybe I can reach you.
(BOTH GRUNT)
(EXCLAIMS)
No use. Hang on.
I'll be back.
Thanks, Anga.
Just, uh,
don't be too long.
ANGA: Found him.
Great.
Not really. Come on.
Let's go.
Kion's down there,
hanging from a branch.
Anga, is that you?
Yep.
We are all here.
Hi, Kion.
Don't worry.
We'll help you.
Just hang in there.
But, Fuli, what if this
is an evil trap?
Ah, Bunga.
Just sayin'.
KION: Thanks, guys.
Listen, about what
happened back there,
I really didn't mean to...
Kion, don't think
about that now.
Let's just get you
off that branch.
Sounds good. Thanks.
He's too close
to the overhang.
I can't reach him.
I could get close enough,
but I can't carry him.
Ooh, maybe I can
reach him.
Just out
of reach. (GRUNTS)
Sorry, Kion.
Hey, Bunga, it's okay.
And you know what
I said before
about you turning
evil and stuff...
Yeah.
Are you?
I don't think so.
Even I was kinda
acting like it.
Just checking,
and just so you know,
even if you do turn evil,
I'll still be
your best friend.
(GRUNTS) Thanks, Bunga.
Okay, Fuli,
what's the plan?
Someone's gotta
climb down
and help pull him
back up.
Oh, maybe I can.
You're definitely
strong enough, Beshte,
but you're not much
of a climber.
I wasn't thinking me, Fuli.
I had someone else in mind.
YUN MIBU: Uh, I can climb
down there.
(GROANS) But you
didn't tell me
it was the scary guy
who needed
to be rescued.
Don't worry, Yun Mibu,
Kion's really a nice guy.
He was just feeling
kinda evil today,
but he's over that now.
Please help him. Please.
Mmm, Kion, is it?
Yeah, that's me,
and I think I owe you
an apology.
Uh, how about
a promise, instead?
A promise?
Yes.
No more growling.
I promise.
Then let's get you
up from there.
Are you sure
you can do this?
Oh, yeah.
Clouded leopards are about
the best climbers
there are, Kion.
Common knowledge, really.
Wow, I see what
you mean, Ono.
(GRUNTS) Reach out.
I've got you.
Okay. Here it goes.
Heyvi kabisa.
Uh-oh.
"Uh-oh" what?
BOTH: Jump!
(GRUNTS)
Got you.
(EXCLAIMS) I think...
Anga Linga!
(PANTS)
Phew. Thank you.
Nice save, Anga.
Way to go, Yun Mibu.
I knew you could do it.
You gotta teach me
how to use
my tail like that.
Ah, you're gonna need
a bigger tail.
Thanks, again.
Is there anything
I can do for you in return?
Just remember to never growl
at a clouded leopard.
We don't like it.
I'll remember.
Bye, everybody.
See you, Beshte.
BESHTE: Bye, Yun Mibu.
Everyone, I don't know
what to say.
Other than, I'm really sorry
about the way I was acting.
Especially, you, Beshte.
I was really
mean to you.
It's all right, Kion.
It wasn't you talking.
It was your scar.
Which reminds me...
Maybe the Tuliza's
not working
like it used to,
but it can't hurt.
You're right.
(GRUNTING)
(GULPS) Thanks, Makini.
I know we lost
a lot of time today
and it was totally
my fault,
but if we leave now,
we can make up for...
Hold it, Kion.
I'm still in charge,
remember?
And you need to rest.
You've been through
a lot today.
Better listen
to the cheetah in charge.
Tree of Life's not going
anywhere, Kion.
Soon, Kion.
We'll move on soon.
But we're so close.
Shwari,  Kion.
With a little rest
you'll feel like
yourself again.
Shwari.